Extract persistence related code to a new shared crate (#1494)
input-output-hk/mithril: mithril-persistence/README.md

> # Mithril-persistence !

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Mithril-persistence
```

**This is a work in progress** 🛠 

> This crate contains shared api and helpers for Mithril nodes that needs to persist data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This crate contains shared api and helpers for Mithril nodes which need to persist data.
```
